Major issues
--------------

1) Design front cover

2) Sort out arrangement of programme 

3)Organising committee
  - DO we have everyone ? How about Yasuda sensei ? Also there
 was a female assoc. prof. (can't remember her name unfortunately) -anyone else?

 
4) List of participants needs to be inserted
(File/ Format already created)

5) Need description of Kyushu University
(File/ Format already created)

6) DO we also need a brief summary of UKJEEL ?
When was the first, where previous ones have been held,
what sort of content, what is the basic aim ?

7)Need details of Tours inserted

8) List of abstracts
- file/format created , just need to insert real data

9) Re: abstracts as stored on google drive:
i) I cannot find an abstract for Mr. Chitiphon Chuaicham although he appears in the list
ii) There are two pdfs for Fujiki's presentation, I am presuming the pdfs are identical 
iii) There does not seem to be a valid pdf for Kumagai - so I have not entered him/her 
 in the list of abstracts


10) Delete header on the abstract pages and replace with footer
   (or otherwise edit)



11) We must also check if the current format will print properly, or whether 
    we need to re-organise the pages. That is, as we currently have things,
    the  front page, inner front cover , inner back cover and back cover 
must be printed on the same piece of paper. On the next sheet of paper we must have
the first (non-cover) page , the page following that, the first and second pages on the inside
going from the rear if you see what I mean . i.e. We are doing two-page per-side duplex
printing in such a way that when the pieces of paper are stacked up and stapled in the middle
they are all in the right-order. Whether this can be done at the printing stage,
 or whether there is some latex template set up for such a job requires investigation.

12) I would suggest an inside formal title page after the programme and before the
contents page giving formal name of he conference, dates, venue and maybe  our names as 
 editors of the proceedings. 

---------------------------
Minor Issues

1) SLightly reduce the size of 'Contents' in the table of contents?
 (or increase the size of the sectional headings). Problem has arisen 
 because we are using 'book' template but do not have chapters

2) Organising committee
  - DO we have everyone ? How about Yasuda sensei ? Also there
 was a female assoc. prof. (can't remember her name unfortunately) -anyone else?

3) Is the group photo (see programme) before or after lunch ?


4) Are there any abstracts for main speakers?  


5) Consider putting background block colours into programme
 for easy comprehension. e.g. light pink for all participants,
 light blue for students only , light yellow for faculty only

6) (For pdf version) customize hyperlinking 
Status: underway


